2024-07-09 22:14

State: #adult 

Tags: [[Self-Awareness]]
# MDR - THESIS

References
Thesis 1 - 1st Draft  by N I Malinga. 

You aren't revolutionary.  
Your life, on a fundamental basis, is a kind-of "step by step" procedure.  
Each "step," taken, playing it's fundamentally impartial role exclusively, as each independent "step" lays forthright a blueprint-like duality for it's precipitate & "relatively dependent" coherent.  
Think of this coherence as similar and yet somewhat distinguishable to the "causal-effect" relation. 

The procedure in this instance will be viewed or portrayed as a somewhat path like "process" taken from destination [A] to an undefined & unknown destination which we'll call [B]:  

So imagine the first step life grants us as a sort of meta-constrains-relativity relationship with self and duality. Granted we experience "life" as two separate singularities. (take hot and cold for instance, the law of cosmic theology states that every and all events are just two extremes of one singular state, hot being the extreme polarization of molecular structure wherein, the structure is vibrated and in turn becoming hot or its opposite in one such instance, cold, another example would be happiness and sadness, let's take someone who's happy for instance, due to circumstances or any other infinite number of reason that we'll say brings on "positively" & the generally generated stimulants cells which act according to the brain's morphic release of the morphic or endophyte chemicals released into and through the body from/to mind, creating the sensation, "biologically", of what we then call a "joyful" state of being, hence therein sadness is the lack thereof similar chemical transients from the brain and body, causing a sort of cathartically commission among your brain and body, leaving you to feel a somewhat nostalgically induced state of loneliness or emptiness and longing.   

To thoroughly put this in perspective we'll take being born as yours/life's first step, of course0⁰ taking into account every other mutually dependent constitute, into account in this case, which means your parents' successfull conceit of you comes into play and the comparable nature is lamenated unto you as a blueprint for their creative formulae, as a somewhat necessary but not "first-step", if all events are taken into consideration, because if all other events are herein accounted for, it seems obvious that the "first-singular step" in this relatively controlled aspect or look into one's life & the events pertaining all those moments in a singular instance. we'll regard your conception as a piety since it almost has no knowledge of theetaphysic except for it's God like mother and experience into the tyranny which is our world, that's a bit melancholic I have to admit and yet it fits this page perfect. so as the karmic demands, we "first" step into 'being' as critically untouched composites of being, in this sense you get to see the relation between the two mutually independent 'co-dependencies'  

You may need to slow down and enjoy the calm synchronicity between the first step, & the second step, appreciate each and every step as much as its next naturally reflexive step & so on, ad infinitum.  
The trick to this is, not to get pulled away.  
To thoroughly & almost completely submerge yourself in life's serenely obscure, unstructured straightforward motion.  
The trip, although never toward any singular or definitively particular point of contact, is in it self fundamentally travelled by all life & by no one simultaneously. It's traversed by all living organism in the universe & it's constituents alike, on a never-ending sphirical type of frequency, that goes: "bloop-blaab-gloop-glaap-kloop-kleep" & so fourth.  
Divided so sublimely & seamlessly, by a type of thin veil, which is simply the polar opposite of the spectrum visualization known as nothingness, we'll simply call that 'black', & being it's polar opposite, this thin yet omnipresent veil radiates purity through all things light-adherent & through every plane in existence, except of course through its polar opposite spectrum 'friend' Mr. 'black' & "black's" adherents or the voids on a spectrum visualization, we'll regard those dicoherents as outliers or wormholes. We'll call the spectrum opposite 'Black' "White" & the omnipresent veil it represents the: "White-Line" which exists on all planes mutually yet also as an exclusive event. So, the "White-Line" is present always but because it exists through all planes in existence & cannot exist through its polar, "Black" we see a pattern like stream relatively short & long "seperated by" veritably interchangeable intervals, from & to one another. Think of these intervals as the intervals between the steps you take when walking. An almost widely overlooked aspect of walking but this "gap" between your first step & second step is actually the only measurable aspect (rational or otherwise) of walking. Think about it, we can all take fifty steps from the exact same starting point, and yet none of us will end up at the exact same endpoint after the 50 steps. So in this sense it's this "gap" that then becomes an immeasurable variable on the obvious notion that it's dependency lies on its constant(you[X] + no. of steps[y]) in this simplified equation x & y are both interchangeable hence the varian the distance travelled for each equation [n] will be dependent on the "gap" that's between step 1[a] & step 2[b] & step 3[c]...& so forth until step 50[zyx], this then becomes an algebraic expressions, and we solve for a & b...zxy respectively, the problem of course arises in measuring this "gap" we soon find that it's not fixed, which means it's always changing, by undefineable amounts [(step[a][zx])(step2[b][zx])], which leaves us with a sort of bind to the incoherent and undefineable, in this sense a thesis that only subjectively ties "being's" with the unknown, the immeasurable and the interchangeable.  

These meticulously freil "white-lines" also ooze structural integrity and at the same time they are perceptually incorporation within the grand "design" of it all, which compensates for their "incomprehensive-procedure" (More on this later), so to speak. These lines aren't continuous though & yet you can always see the next veil radiating "polar spectral white" almost immediately after & before the previous, past or upcoming white line, on a continuous frequency, always and forever. The only notable factor determining your plane or the 'being's' perceptual intangible & tangible awareness principles (we'll call these their: mutually dependent realities) or MDR. Simply what that means is: the MDR is determined by a 'being's' speed or frequency range, the shorter and more frequent the "white veil is" in turn precipitates a more synonymous continuous and consistently prevalent experience, the "veil simply seems like it's one long line" in a never ending up down left right stream of waves. Hence, an MDR that's characterized with multiplicity, duality, in and out of consciousness states, is simply a 'being's' traversal in the stream but at a much slower frequency range/rate. Nonetheless the line is always true, always synonymous, never-ending, at other speeds you can see the breaks in between the white lines, yet also somehow synchronous to the next break/void/or blank, & at other times you can mainly see the "veil of white" on a continuous stream. I'm  

These are the simple yet profound metaphorical affectations that MDR shares with every being, event & organism equally, inseparably & simultaneously.  
Let's call it:  
High-Way-Life, A one way trip to infinity.  
Granted that there may be more than a dozen grammatical inferences, you or anyone else may find in this simple yet complex combination of words that exist in both the singular fixed states of'reality' & 'ethereal' synonymously. Now, this of course is somewhat a sentence that now becomes both juxtaposed & contradictory, top all that nonsensical improbable & a bit rather pias constructs, upon closer inspection we see that it also somehow can be separated into two sentences, and not just that, maybe even more, do you see it?  
The more we analyze this, It becomes somewhat increasingly harder to pin down as one particular thing/term & yet it still rings through the mind each time and gradually, starts to form a uniform understanding within the intellect or cortex (or wherever the mind stores fundamental understanding; which we'll call wisdom in this case) still, the more you read it, the harder to explain it is, it is as if, somewhere in that measly, half wit transgressive decoherence, is all things ordinary, forming all things divine. The analysis is self-realising of course so please, feel free to use your own thesis as a "metaphorical" equivalent or in place of the decoherent transgressive context I've .ade herein, I am in no way, proposing this as a solid theory or thesis, only as a mere basis for a deeper more intricately entailed almost binocular look into the inseparable coexistence of life and infinity. Of course granted that it's all a bit too pious, or otherwise obvious to most of you, it's my belief that the intrinsic nature and value of what lies beneath those feelings of void and incomparability remains immeasurable and incurable to all scientific research done to date, & that's because you're tryna to fulfilling something in you that's already full, "ful-filling" seems completely unnecessary when looked at in that way & yet the great mystery of the our world and who knows where else lies in why we look for the know and pretend as if the unknown is none existent?  

sidenote - {'resemblence' feels somewhat insufficient in the conveyance, contextually that is, minor presuppositions accounted for, its also I think the simplest, most effective translation in the sense of conceived diction & terminologies. Its my only, I suppose, "way" of trying to describe, without any pious or otherwise fallacie of these accounts and their relatively intricate yet definable individual traits that nonetheless unify & tie in any/all 'separating principles' that takes place on surface planes & prevalent mainly in the 'seed-to-tree' phenomena, that's almost 98% incomprehensive-procedure & 2% metaphysical inference, which seems comprehensive to what science conceives as the "human-mind, so precipitately it would seem, all metaphysical events are incomprehensible to the 'human-mind' & inevitably insufficient in the world of context. Yes, we may try to make sense out of it all but in the metaphysical plane, it simply, which looking forward, seems obvious to grasp the concept of 'unified-independence'. Which is simply the incoherent constant presence of a sort of "wall" which separates & joins both the metaphysical and ethereal planes of existence. Only a fool would want to come up with a reasonable 'explaination' for why that is, I for one don't think answering or rather 'explaining' the relationship between causality and reaction helps anyone really, besides adding a few more equations to an already solved problem, maybe it serves to confirm those who believe in ordering the chaos which is our existence, in turn proving it's futility in the grand scheme of whatever is held highly & as their uniform faith, which lawfully builds and shapes everything else around their "livelihood" now of course talking about the relation between cause-&-effect is widely recognised as a sort of "move-toward-greater-understanding" by many, and granted I am rigorously infatuated with the science behind the meta-;known as 'Quantum-Physics' & recently acknowledged is another science called "___ " viewed byy many scientists and researchers as revolutionary and groundbreaking leaps in understanding what's behind it all, gradually making efforts at uncovering the formula that's the underlying fabric constituent of existence & essentially the cosmos}  

it's also somewhat insightful in how you handling "setbacks" (the inverted commas are simply a means t emphasize the complete inanity in the sense behind that word's attachment or rather, it's meaning) that of course goes for all word's synonymous to the 'meaning' behind all ideas that indulge your existence 'having' any kind of otherwise "detour" affiliated with the metaphysical. Of course that's only applicable when I precipitated metaphysical life's experience &/or events as a sort of 'path-like' concurrent continuation that's of course instantiated by birth and relatively "paved" as one's life 'unfolds', of course taking in consideration the inevitable gap linguistics fundamentally lack thereof in properly & precisely translating what the mind tries to comprehend or make sense of. (as futile as it is, human nature tries still, to convince the self that it will one day bridge this gap)  
Inferences aside, that metaphor is as close as I'll get in getting you to relatively perceive what I mean by 'Life Has No Detours'