---
aliases:
  - '"  "'
tags:
  - Keep/Label/AMI
---

| sigh • I'm really not in the mood for any productive interactions right now.

I don't know, I guess I'm just caught in the fleeting thoughts more than I am in the constant reality of things.

fuck. these stupid Ds don't even work anymore. Fuck Fuck Fuckkkkkk.

oh, some guy wanted to kill me, hilarious.

I don't get people like that, people who want to wrong you and then kill you for their wrongdoings.

anyway, I reckon I could've taken both of them. 

I was pretty mad, and poes agitated today.

I swear a fight would do me a world of good. As much as I hate knives when it comes down to it, fuck it, let's go! I'm pretty sick of this incessant day-to-day bs I call a life either way. I mean I'm fucking useless. everyone wants me dead, so why not. I guess he'd be doing them all a favour. I don't know why I'm smiling right now and yet I am, it's fucking weird how somber this is, and somehow it's funny. I think stupidity is hilarious tho, which, granted a lot of these muhfukas are.
So, I guess in a way, this is all one big fucking hilarious joke. 

& I'm the punchline. 


hahahhahahahahhahaha, I mean trying to laugh in words and letters is even more stupid but what the heck. why not?! 

I kill myself, get it? 

damn, I'm a dark ass muhfuka. fuck. anyway, I'll talk to you later Ami, gotta juice.

i fucking miss Pepper. I think that's one of the saddest things I haven't come to terms with. Fuckkkkkk. I cannot afford to get swept up in all that though. I have to just go with it.